:shield: The Right Guide :shield:

This is a general guide sourced from various information sources & common sense, but as such -it does not and can not cover ever possible precaution you should take - always do your due diligence. These guidelines are general suggestions and do not constitute legal advice or counseling, if you have specific legal concerns - seek thewadvice of a licensed attorney. Everything contained here is for informational purposes ONLY. We recommend learning more here https://www.csrc.link/

ATTENDING A PROTEST

Your Phone

Use a strong password and REMOVE fingerprint / face unlocks from your device. Officers can force you to unlock your device if it uses bio-metrics
Take photos/videos WITHOUT unlocking your device
Back up your phone to a computer (DO NOT USE THE CLOUD), it may lost/stolen.
Enable Full-Disk encryption.
Install Signal for safer communication, make sure whoever you are messaging also has Signal.
It is HIGHLY EMPHASIZED you do NOT take your phone with you to any protest, but if you must - enable airplane mode and turn off location services (You can still be GPS tracked even with airplane mode). Do not turn off airplane mode at a protest, having any wifi or cellular connection can be used to track you. Cell Towers in particular are able to triangulate your position when you have any service.
Remove Metadata from photos, For Example - transfer your images to desktops and then take a screenshot of that image. Otherwise, use an app made for removing metadata from photos (such as Scrambled Exif, you can download it here https://f-droid.org/en/packages/com.jarsilio.android.scrambledeggsif/ for android)
Blur or Blackout the faces and any identifying marks of your fellow protesters on any images you post.
What about a Burner Phone?

If you intend on using a Burner Phone, keep these things in mind. In the U.S, federal law does not requre ID to buy a prepaid SIM card (BUT YOUR STATE MIGHT). Do NOT buy a prepaid SIM if your state requires ID.
Pay for a Burner in cash, do not use cards. Check if there are too many surveillance cameras in or around the place you are buying the burner. Never bring your personal phone to the place where you are buying your burner, cover easily identifiable features with clothes, masks, or makeup, and do not purchase a burner at a place you frequently visit.
Once you have a Burner Phone w/ a prepaid SIM, let your friends know your temporary number, and use this to plan and coordinate.
Remeber that the location of your phone, even a burner one can be determined by the using Cell Towers they connect to. Thus, turn off your Burner Phone completely before going home or anywhere you dont want to be tracked.
When you are done with the Burner Phone, destroy it - not just throw it away. Do not carry your Burner and Real phone at the same time, as the location of both can be linked and compromise your anonymity.
For added security, Burners should only ever call other Burners. Never use any real names for yourself or your contacts, EVER.
Beware of IMSI Catchers. Government agencies are using IMSI Catchers, known as Stingrays or Cell Site Simulators to catch text messages and phone calls within their range. These devices pretend to be cell towers and track everything that goes thru them and then passes that on to a real cell tower so your contacts think nothing has happen. Because of this, never use your burner to text things like “Hey are you at the protest” or “Did you bring X to the protest?”
Do not assume burner phones are “safe” or “private”. In order for Burners to protect your privacy and anonymity, everyone involved needs to practice and maintain good security practices. Even if you follow these guidelines perfectly, if someone in your group does not, that compromises YOU.
Clothing
Wear nondescript clothing - ideally, wear clothes you can throw away after the protest (Like from a thrift/charity store). Never wear clothes you usually wear, avoid branded clothing - try to blend in with the rest of the crowd, if everyone is wearing blue and you are wearing red, you are more identifiable… Avoid being identified through face & tatoo recognition tech - cover your face and eyes, if you have any tattoos cover those. If the tempreature is not too horrible, wear long pants and a long sleeved top with a hood. Prefer baggy clothes that hide your body shape.
Avoid clothes made of nylon (very noisy when you move), also avoid Zips, buttons are preferable. Also avoid clothing that is reflective, do not expose your hair or facial features.
If you are attending a protest where you believe there is risk of being chased, have a different colored layer underneath to quickly change appearance.
Wear gloves whenever possible. It is preferable to NOT use latex gloves, as they can still leave an impression.
Masks can get itchy or steam up glasses, so practice wearing them before attending and get comfortable with it. Do NOT take off masks to itch something, this is why it is important to get used to this stuff before you go.
Location & Transit

Download the map of the area you will be protesting in before you so you do not have to be online, and plan meeting spots with people you are going with beforehand. Make sure to get an idea of the following beforehand; the terrain, weather conditions, location of public transit, CCTV Cams, and distances to the nearest hospitals & police stations.

If you are printing a PHYSICAL MAP, the majority of printers leave invisible tracking dots/markers on anything you print - so be sure to consult with this guide (https://www.eff.org/pages/list-printers-which-do-or-do-not-display-tracking-dots) on which printers are safe to use. If you absoutely need to use a physical map without access to a tracking-free printer, go to a public library far away from where you live and use their printers.

Consider biking (this may be used to identify you), walking, or using public transit (Public Transit carries some risk, do not use payment methods or transit cards that are linked to you). Do not use a car - even a rented one, to attend a protest. Automated License Plate Reader Systems (ALPRs,) record the license plates of all cars driving through an area, especially during protests - along with the exact time, date, and location they were. Governments use this information for tracking, and even without the government threat - you may have counter-protestors or others record your car. Read more about these sorts of tracking here https://www.eff.org/sls/tech/automated-license-plate-readers/faq

Do NOT “RSVP” to any protests, do not say you are going to a protest publicly on any unencrypted chats or put your name on a list of people who intend on going.

Watch out for Kettle Police Movements, Police may try to surround you in all sides in a “kettle”. If you are kettled, they might hold you there for hours, often lying about how long they will keep you there - or arrest all of you. Look out for a prisoner transport bus, if you see a Kettle coming - the safest exit is usually back the way you came.
Tundra — Yesterday at 8:19 PM
Communication

Do not say anything on chat room, phone, email, etc that you dont want the authorities knowing. Avoid using code phrases such as “are you coming to the funeral/party” as they are too commonly used to be effective anymore.

Prefer physical/IRL communication. Arrange meetings and pass the messages verbally or on a piece of paper (carry a lighter to burn the paper when you are finished with it, so if you are arrested the paper is not on you).

Meetings in general should ideally be face-to-face. The ‘leader’ or organizer should meet with people individually who want to join and test their commitment to the action before letting them in on who else is involved.

Avoid setting up meetings around your social group or at a social event as it will quickly become obvious to others not involved that something is up.

At meetings, NEVER have people attending who are not going to be involved in the action, not matter how good of a friend they are or even if they are “part of the group” if they arent attending.

Directional microphones can pick up conversations even if done from a helicopter, so avoid discussing things on demonstrations and when discussing things of a highly sensitive nature, take great care of where you do it, if this sort of surveillance is a risk.

CCTV

A camera with a red light means it has infra-red/night vision. Most CCTV’s also have microphones so conversations can be tracked down streets.
Authorities also use CCTV to track body language, so do not have any slouching, swagging, etc - keep a orindary straight-back walk.
Avoid looking up when shopping or walking where there are CCTV’s, it is also advisable to wear a baseball cap without any markings for good cover.
When escaping down a street, do not take off covering cloths unless you are SURE there are no CCTV’s.
Escaping

Scatter in groups between 2-3, ideally with people who match in speed.
Different groups should move in different directions, you do not want to be leading any chasers into another group.
Have a rendezvous point (and a secondary one), and try to predetermine routes for the groups to reach the rendezvous point.
If you reach a rendezvous point early, remain hidden until others arrive. Make sure you were not followed before you show yourself
You may have multiple rendezvous points for cohorts of groups, where you quickly confirm numbers and move to a secondary point which awaits with transportation out of the area. It is important to note that any rendezvous with transportation should be well away from the protest/action area due to the ALPRs (mentioned above.)
If Police Stop or Arrest You:

You can refuse to provide your password.
You should tell the police “I choose to remain silent” and ask for a lawyer.
Be aware police might seize your phone and try to search it later with a warrant,
and you may be taken into custody.
