🔨 MODERATION PROTOCOL 🔨

1️⃣ Unless you are an Administrator you are NOT an interpreter of the #rules. Rules are to be enforced as written. Janitors/Moderators enforce server rules and personal motives should never influence your moderative judgement. You are to be OBJECTIVE not SUBJECTIVE. Even if you agree with what someone is saying but they violated a rule, you are to enforce the rules.

2️⃣ You have an incredibly useful and wide-reaching tool at your disposal. The Detainment system. There are 2 primary channels related to this system, they are <#885286805623152691> & <#885286805623152692>. The detainment system is meant to isolate a user to a single channel ( #detained ) in which you can keep them there as punishment AND/OR explain to them what they did wrong. The commands you need to know for this system are as follows:
?detain @user [reason] | This command will detain the selected @user to the detained channel. ALWAYS include a reason for detainment!
?release @user | This command will release a user from detained back into the main server chats.
?undetain @user | Same as ?release

3️⃣ Punishments (1/2). We need them to teach users that they should not violate our rules. Punishments are to be generally split into 2 categories depending on 2 things; the rule they violated & the severity of the act. The first aspect, which rule they violated will determine most punishments. If they violated a “MAJOR” rule they should be explained what they did wrong and kept inside detainment for a period of time (The period of time will be determined by the severity of the act), while if they violated a “MINOR” rule they will simply need to be explained to what they did wrong - if they are understanding of their error, they may be released immediately. If not, they should be treated as if they violated a Major rule.
Here are the rules sorted into MAJOR/MINOR:
MAJOR: Rules One, Six, & Seven
MINOR: Rules Two, Three, Four, Five

4️⃣ Punishments (2/2). The second aspect determining the type of punishment is the severity of the act. A minor rule violation such as overusing CAPS can become a Major violation if it is a repeat offense or significantly affecting the conversation. Janitors and Moderators do not have the power to unilaterally ban or kick any user for any reason. If there is a user you strongly believe needs to be removed entirely from the server, detain the user & contact me or an Administrator. As mentioned previously, repeat violations of Minor rules can and should be treated as Major rule violations. As a rule of thumb, the every punishment of a repeat violation should be twice as severe as the last time they were punished. (E.x if a user was punished by spending 24 hours in detainment and they repeated a rule violation after, they should be detained for a minimum of 48 hours - longer if you think they are not going to follow the rules.)

