🤝 PARTNERSHIP PROTOCOL 🤝

1️⃣ The official partnership message can be found in #partner-ad

2️⃣ If you are completely unfamiliar with partnerships: You join a different server, ensure they have a partnership channel (usually #partneror #partnerships) - then either contact the user who posts in those channels or the Owner/Admin - you then ask "Hello [name], I’d like to partner with your server, [server name]. If they say yes or ask for the link - send them the #partner-ad and they’ll likey send theirs. You then post theirs & they ours.

3️⃣ Always try to convince the other server to ping everyone, while trying to ensure we do NOT ping. Why? Because the purpose of partnerships is to grow OUR SERVER’s population - partnerships are "“technically” mutually benefical but always try to make sure it benefits us more.

4️⃣ Do not partner with: Server significantly larger than us (think if we are 100, and the other is 1000) who demands we ping but they will not ping on their server. Smaller partners who do not ping everyone, smaller servers MUST PING EVERYONE (no we do not ping) If they do not, find another server to partner with.This skews the balance of benefit in their favor, we need to ensure as explain in Protocol 3 that the balance be in our favor. Also do not partner with overtly Leftist/Degenerate servers. 

5️⃣ But how do I find partnerships Anon? Great question, there are 2 major ways that I consider the “best”. The first way is the POP method (Partners of Partners) in which you join one of our partner servers, and then join their partnered servers. Chances are almost none will be servers we have already partnered with. The second method is to go to https://disboard.org/servers/tag/politics and just look for servers there. If you have a different, better way of finding partners - by all means use that.

6️⃣ After you partner with a server, stick around in #entry for a little bit to quickly vet any new users who come as a result of the partnership.

7️⃣ Beware of mishaps or tricks when partnering. Often partners will either forget to include the emojis - in which case you must make sure they post the proper emojis. Another mishap or trick is if they say they will ping everyone - but instead they post the message WITHOUT the ping and then EDIT IN the ping. Let me be clear, editing in @/everyone DOES NOT ping everyone, make sure the message is not edited.

8️⃣ You are required to do a *minimum* of **2** partnerships per week, failure to meet this goal will result in removal from the team, demotion, or some other punishment. 

9️⃣ The first Officer to complete the 2 partnerships will be exempt from doing them the next week, however - if the 1st person to do partnerships does them after Wednesday 11:59PM PST (the half way point of the partnership week), they will not be exempt from next week's partnerships.

🔟 Officers who complete *both* partnerships on the last day of the partnership week (Saturday) are given an additional 1 partnership to do the following week. 

1️⃣1️⃣ Officers are permitted to, instead of doing the normal 2 partnerships per week, invite 4 people (who must stay, i.e not leavers). Officers who invite all 4 people on the last day of the partnership week are assigned 2 extra invites or 1 extra partnership the following week.

1️⃣2️⃣ Punishments of additional partnerships are effective for only **1** week in a row, i.e if you miss your partnership goal for 2 weeks back-to-back, you will just be removed from the team.
